got a dream go for but just do it like
night
no feel really on the Kawasaki crack
your jaw like the white dude playing
hockey tell the windows like right -
arms up champion can't stop me wave
can't be a team you don't be the city we
the best you'll be did you see it
shining like Diddy alright so here we go
to look on feet as far as the fit true
to size
we're go up half the size if you've got
a wide foot I don't recommend going up a
full size some people will tell you to
do that I totally don't recommend it you
want to break these things to take
advantage of what you're paying for
you're paying for this phone cons of
material when you wear it a lot it
expands and it molds to your foot
perfectly when you break these shoes in
they're like the best shoes ever
so don't pay $250 and go a hole size up
and you're totally not taking advantage
of the reason why I'm paying that much
money for these shoes then leave your
thoughts on these kicks right here I
think they really executed these nice I
like the way more now that I seem in
person I didn't really like these
thought it was whatever I didn't really
get it but now I do I really think these
are sweet leave your comments though did
the like button if you love the show
check out my blog this week erotic comm
from your sneaker those make sure to go
there with Friday Saturday morning 7:55
a.m. right before a release time and
always try to put as much information on
my blog to try to help you out with
getting your kicks for retail sneaker
addict calm make sure to download my
music for free if you dig it at the end
of my episodes look in the description
box below and catch up and all the
reviews I've done a ton of reviews some
catch up on all the reviews and what Dad
said I gotta hit you with that boot for
this prefer birth to birth birth birds
out
you know